### Definition:
- A Set is a built-in object in JavaScript that allows you to ==store unique values== of any type.
### Declaration:
```js
let mySet = new Set([1,1,1,5,5,5,3,3,3,0])
console.log(myset);
// Outout Set(4) {1, 5, 3, 0}
```
### Characteristics
1. **Unordered**
	* Sets do not maintain any order of elements, and there is no index associated with each element.
2. **Uniqueness**
	- Sets only store unique values; duplicates are automatically ignored.
3. **Immutability**:
	- While you can add and remove elements from a set, individual elements cannot be changed directly.
1. **Methods**
	- Sets have methods for adding (add), deleting (delete), checking existence (has), and more.
2. **No Index**
	* Unlike arrays, sets do not have methods that rely on indexes since elements have no fixed order.
3. **Iteration**
	* You can iterate through elements in a Set using forEach or by converting it to an array ([...mySet]).
### Properties
- `size`
	- The value of `size` is an integer representing how many entries the `Set` object has. A set accessor function for `size` is `undefined`; you cannot change this property.
### Methods 
- `add`
	- Def: 
		- method of `Set` instances inserts a new element with a specified value in to this set, if there isn't an element with the same value already in this set
	- Syntax
```js
      add(value)
```
- `delete`
	- Def: 
		- method of `Set` instances removes a specified value from this set, if it is in the set.
	- Syntax
```js
      delete(value)
```
- `clear`
	- Def: 
		- method of `Set` instances removes all elements from this set..
	- Syntax
```js
      clear()
```
- `has`
	- Def: 
		- method of Set instances returns a boolean indicating whether an element with the specified value exists in this set or not.
	- Return
		- boolean 
	- Syntax
```js
      has(value)
```